README.md, before:

Philosopher Stones - a fork of Diamond, with several algorithms fixed and improved. It is descendent of Novacoin/PPCoin with Pow/PoS. It combines the great features from Luckycoin (random blocks) and Florincoin (transaction message). 


Philosopher Stones provide annual interest rate of 50%, for stakes that are not moved. This equivalent to 3.44% monthly interest. PoS blocks will be generated if the stake is held for more than 5 days. You will generally start to see interest payments around 5-10 days after deposit into your wallet.

	- Each normal block has 64 Philosopherstones
	- 2 minute block time
	- Difficulty retargets every block 
	- Mining payout will be halved every 3 months (every 64800 blocks)
	- Expected total mined coins will be <much less than> 8,891,840 Philosopherstones
	- 6 confirmations for transaction
	- 50 confirmations for minted blocks
	- Support transaction message
	- No '0' value PoS blocks
	- ASIC Resistance

	- Random bonus blocks are (based on current reward):
		- 1 Superblock every day of 256 Philosopherstones (1 in 720 Chance)
		- 1 Doubleblock every hour of 64 Philosopherstones (1 in 30 Chance)

	- The default ports are 16281(Connect) and 16282(RPC).

Philosopherstone is also long-term energy efficient due to the nature of Proof of Stake slowly overtaking Proof of Work mining.

Proof of Stake quickly overcame Proof of work blocks, and as such, total mined coins will be much less than original estimations of 8.891 million.

First 5 days all the payouts were doubled.

Explorer: http://www.phsblocks.com/

Forum: http://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=292720.0

Stone Stats: http://phstones.com/mobile.php

How to help PHS
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
	-Run full block nodes if you can.
	-Donations: BTC / PHS donations are greatly appreciated!
	-Buy Some!
	-Link to PHS websites, make your own websites, and mention it to friends!

Donate:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
BTC 177DnebKASMb2bdu8CwPqjYRk4pE7tkz3Y

PHS 9fy8YX65LbUCeakWvXmNYrisrnK96ZGwtf

Commit message:

coinstake reward verification error message , readme
update if (IsCoinStake())

README.md, after:

PhilosopherStone (PHS) - PoS/PoW hybrid. Stones make more stones!

A descendent of Novacoin/PPCoin with hybrid Pow/PoS Stone generation (energy efficient).  

Philosopher Stones provide an annual interest rate of 50%. This equivalent to 3.44% monthly interest. PoS blocks will be generated if the Stones are held for more than 5-10 days. No special hardware needed

Other specifications:

   - Transaction fee destruction to benefit miners/stake holders. Increased # transactions = increased stone destruction
   - Each normal block has 64/32/(16) Philosopherstone
   - 2 minute block time
   - Difficulty re-targets every block
   - Mining payout will be halved every 3 months (or every 64800 blocks) (has happened twice)
   - Expected total mined coins will be 8,891,840 Philosopherstones (Much less due to PoS overtaking PoW)
   - 6 confirmations for transactions
   - 50 confirmations for minted blocks
   - Transaction messaging
   - Proof of Stake hybrid - Stones will mine themselves every 5-15 days
   - no need to spend tons of electricity, just run client once every week, sync and stake!

- Random bonus blocks (on average, at current rewards):
- 1 Super-block of 128 Philosopherstones every day (1 in 720 chance)
- 1 Double-block of 16 Philosopherstones every hour (24 per day)
- When getting super-blocks, different images will displayed, see them below.

   - The default ports are 16281(Connect) and 16282(RPC).

Explorer: http://www.phsblocks.com/

Forum: http://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=292720.0

Stone Stats: http://phstones.com/mobile.php

How to help PHS
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
	-Run full block nodes if you can.
	-Donations: BTC / PHS donations are greatly appreciated!
	-Buy Some!
	-Link to PHS websites, make your own websites, and mention it to friends!

Donate:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
BTC 177DnebKASMb2bdu8CwPqjYRk4pE7tkz3Y

PHS 9fy8YX65LbUCeakWvXmNYrisrnK96ZGwtf
